Add first chapter of flow-by-example to docs (#5888)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/tutorials/flow-by-example/faq.md

---
aliases:
- /docs/grafana-cloud/agent/flow/tutorials/flow-by-example/faq/
- /docs/grafana-cloud/monitor-infrastructure/agent/flow/tutorials/flow-by-example/faq/
- /docs/grafana-cloud/monitor-infrastructure/integrations/agent/flow/tutorials/flow-by-example/faq/
- /docs/grafana-cloud/send-data/agent/flow/tutorials/flow-by-example/faq/
canonical: https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/tutorials/flow-by-example/faq/
description: FAQ About Flow-by-Example Tutorials

> title: FAQ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Get started
```

Could we title this another way? FAQ is... something I'd like to avoid if we can.

weight: 300
---

## Who is this for?

> This set of tutorials contains a collection of examples that build on each other to demonstrate how to configure and use the [Grafana Agent](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/) in [Flow mode](https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow/). It assumes you have a basic understanding of what the Agent is and telemetry collection in general. It also assumes a base level of familiarity with Prometheus and PromQL, Loki and LogQL, and basic Grafana navigation. It assumes no knowledge of Flow or River concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This set of tutorials contains a collection of examples that build on each other to demonstrate how to configure and use [{{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}}][flow]. It assumes you have a basic understanding of what {{< param "PRODUCT_ROOT_NAME" >}} is and telemetry collection in general. It also assumes a base level of familiarity with Prometheus and PromQL, Loki and LogQL, and basic Grafana navigation. It assumes no knowledge of {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} or River concepts.

[flow]: https://grafana.com/docs/agent/latest/flow
```
